General Website Layout:

Seed-Foundry (Project Folder)
├── seed_foundry/
│   ├── __init__.py
|   ├── prod_mgmt.py (handles logic for product functions and Stripe integration)
│   ├── admin.py (handles the logic necessary for an admin to perform product management)
│   ├── templates/
│   │   ├── index.html
│   │   ├── about.html
|   |   ├── layout.html (shared layout with links to all top-level pages and a shopping cart button)
│   │   └── products/
│   │       ├── index.html (lists products with pictures)
|   |       └── charge.html (page that confirms purchase and serves errors regarding transactions)
│   └── static/
│       └── style.css
├──.gitignore
├──LICENSE
└──README.md


General notes about admin-facing application:
    For adding, deleting and modifying products the user will need to have an interface they can log into from their
personal computer that will allow them to perform product management tasks. The idea is that the admin will enter their
credentials on the website (from within their browser) and it will drop them into and admin-specific view of the
website. This view should display the products that currently exist, with all the stored Order metadata, and give the
admin options for editing, adding, and deleting product Orders.
    For now, I believe we can set the admin username and password as environment variables that get called for
authentication, so that we can hold off on having a database. Using admin.py, we should be able to render a version of
the products page that only the admin is allowed to see.

Notes about the UI for product management:
    I've created a UI sketch (also in the scratch folder) that I'll be referencing in the next section, so have that
open while reading further. It would be unnecessarily tedious to make every variation of this UI, so just follow the
basic style of the one I've created when editing buttons and different views. Obviously you'll have to make some
design decisions on your own. The following is a list that will likely be expanded on in the future, but it explains the
contents of each button as they should be for the "finished" product:
    -Edit should give the admin options for changing any of the metatdata.
    -Delete (self-explanatory).
    -Add Variation should give the admin an option to create an SKU of the parent product (ie. same shirt, different
    size/color).
    -Big "+" sign should add a new product to the list of products, and give the admin a form to enter metadata.
